most professional parts of our game
night specials every year before the NBA
Finals begin they have what's known as
media days where reporters from all over
the world get a chance to meet the
players and the medias number of the
media is right here it's our own
[Applause]
[Music]
hi it's me Guillermo I'm back here at
the NBA final again the Warriors have
played the cap again and let's go talk
to some players again hey what are you
doing again I made it four years ago
dream on what's going on how are you all
right cool cool I don't want to talk to
you either
hey coach how are you how you doing good
luck but too late you four years ago
coach what are you gonna take all right
I'll came to talk to him later hey how
are you how you doing congratulation
again I want to give you a hug for good
luck also okay I wanna I got a question
quicker it's hard to talk to players so
I'm gonna go talk I'm gonna go get some
sympathy they forgot to let you guys
make it to the final again I got a coach
so how'd you get in this case with the
seating can you find my cat
Oh what way are you pants wet wet I peed
on myself I was so excited oh my god
yeah I got a little nervous
hey how you doing hey Kevin what did
they call you Katie because my last name
is Durant
Oh oh thank you very much can I tell you
something you have a beer but you don't
have a mustache
I have a master's but I don't having a
beard I fight that's that's a great
great observation
[Applause]
man
the longer you haven't passed the ball
to Doubront who me yeah see I shooted
hey LeBron I'm telling you that's it
that's it done yeah there's a bond James
yeah for four long years I've been
trying to talk to the Bron James we're
not talking to you the Brawn that's a
good one right there
hey you brother hey LeBron can you take
us out for with me Bron are we okay he
always blew me off but in the whole star
game I talked to him mr. LeBron can you
describe your perfect salad I'll be
protein and a vegetable okay Chinese
chicken salad that's cool - I'll take
care - good I will carlough now take
that as well so I brought it for him wow
he is look I know he's deacon
hey I'm LeBron James and I want a salad
so I can have a lot of energy to win the
final I hope my friend Kiara brings me a
salad and I hope it's a Chinese chicken
salad when I walk I wrote
hey LeBron here's you selling LeBron did
you sell it I I guess you didn't one of
the salad
hey Bryan are you sure you don't want
the salad maybe wickedly brunch change
will be here in this section for the
interview it comes LeBron oh he's gonna
be so happy when he gets salad hey hey
LeBron I got your salad remember you
giving me salad gr gr can you get me a
salad still you Bronk hey Jose how are
you I'm doing great
LeBron maybe you know Sala una ensalada
the Chinese chicken salad
you see come have a cow come celebrate
that I prefer say we look at the video
you order the cake no I'm in a peel got
a prometo well you should have you
should oh no problem
okay see see well that you have it I
deliver your grunting salad I hope it
doesn't close my salad after next year
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it